[Cache] Updates cache purge (#16945)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/cache/how-to/purge-cache/index.mdx

import { DirectoryListing, FeatureTable } from "~/components"

> Cloudflare's cache purge takes effect instantly, ensuring that any updates to your content are immediately reflected. Multiple options are available for purging content, with single-file cache purging (purge by URL) being the recommended method. However, the following additional options are also available:

Reviewer: Suggestion: "Cloudflare's Instant Purge ensures that updates to your content are reflected immediately."

> Cloudflare's cache purge takes effect instantly, ensuring that any updates to your content are immediately reflected. Multiple options are available for purging content, with single-file cache purging (purge by URL) being the recommended method. However, the following additional options are also available:

Author: ```suggestion
Cloudflare's Instant Purge ensures that updates to your content are reflected immediately. Multiple options are available for purging content, with single-file cache purging (purge by URL) being the recommended method. However, the following additional options are also available:
```
